You... you can't kill me
I am the head of the Chen family
You kill me!
My father would have shouted a few bloodlines in a row
Deal with brother and grandson
At that time, it will be the younger brother and grandson who will be injured.
This is my father's phone number.
My father is the Dinghai God Needle of our Chen family
Now he is the Grand Elder of the Dragon Temple
I want Fei Long
Take it if you have the guts
What's not to see hands-free
Father save me
God of the earth
You tried to kill me?
And your grandson and daughter-in-law, save us
You shut up
You unfilial descendant
Idiot, my Chen family
Sooner or later, you will be defeated at the hands of your family of three
The thing I regret the most
It is to make you the head of the Chen family
Father, get down on your knees right now
The owner of the Emperor Hall kowtowed and apologized
Until he is satisfied
But father
I am the head of the Chen family
Bastard me kneel
Are you expensive?
Do I want to let the Chen family fall into eternal disaster?
No no no I kneel I kneel
Kneel down for me